backyard looking at backyard
you're going back in we're going to look
at the bedrooms
to my left I have two bedrooms and a
bathroom
hey are you doing
all right yeah finish their covered
bathroom second bedroom
nice carbons to arrange ceiling fan
we're going back all up to the other
side of the hall snow pass in the
kitchen I know we are at the dining area
dining room room they are going down to
the other bedroom this is a third
bedroom the master bedroom I just closed
Closet in here very large bedroom
have a nice bathroom all in black black
fittings shower sure use accept and this
is a bad Campbell king-size bed this is
just a queen size but big enough to hold
a king-sized bed so here we are on this
side and then to the back we now have
helpers the launcher here help us
bathroom you have the washing machine
wash toga you have a bathroom for the
helper here as we here
and this is half of the house now from
there we can no enter again from the
front if you come from the left hand
side you know have a gym here we have
two bedrooms with original wooden floor
here we are again you have a bathroom
full bathroom cupboard peace outside
this one and storage so this has does
the show on the toilet and next to it
you have the face business and you have
storage and you go to the next room
which is convert no other office we have
two other rooms it was four offices
these two rooms argue as those this is
here we are
here's a bedroom I scored in an office
here we have a poner room
that take care anybody coming to the
office you know we're going to make a
tour of the outside the area on the
outside I said yeah water tank up here
we have looking down we have dog Canyon
over here
don't Canyon there's a dog kennel and
then you have roof that we can go up
here we go up to the roof
you can't have a lovely view after they
be going up to the roof where you can
entertain a roof right now on the roof
if you look out you're out looking out
on the road but thank you look you're
right you're looking at here is looking
at the roof here lovely bamboo tree okay
happy channel below we're looking at the
hills
goal in spring of lovely bumble tree
doing dawn the dark NL here
coconut tree
yeah breadfruit tree peer tree a pear
tree as I said not appear tree coconut
tree sweets up going her own we have
Apple looking at a neighbor front solar
water heater on the roof up here you
have a bar the water from the roof is
collected and doing a underground
storage tank so that is well taken care
of water water from the street from
these tanks you're looking at on water
from the roof that is toured in a town
below the master bedroom so here we are
going back down we are going back to the
front
very started
laughter the back yard front yard okay
yeah I'm got that reason we need enter
bash with an office where I came in
laundry here